Added clarifying regulation for FMC (#1068)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

    - E3e) Other non-electronic aids that do not give an unfair advantage, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate (see [Regulation 2i1](regulations:regulation:2i1)).
    - E3f) Tools to remove markings (self-supplied), such as correction fluid, correction tape, or erasers.
- E4) The WCA Delegate may choose to publish the solutions (e.g. photo of the score sheets or transcriptions of solutions).

> - E5) The competitor must not communicate with anyone other than the WCA Delegate. This communication must be about the WCA Regulations. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF).

Reviewer: If the competitor asked, "can you [the Delegate] please close the door?" or "can I use the washroom", I don't think these should warrant a DNF, but the communication is technically _not_ about the WCA Regulations.

Perhaps the following makes the intent clearer:

```suggestion
- E5) The competitor must not communicate with anyone other than the WCA Delegate. This communication should be about the WCA Regulations and the competitor must not receive assistance deriving their solution. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF).
```

This wording could be tricky. For example, a Delegate can clarify notation to a competitor, which assists them in writing their solution, but not deriving it.

> - E5) The competitor may communicate with the WCA delegate during the attempt. The WCA delegate may answer questions from competitors as long as the contents are strictly based on the WCA Regulations.

Author: ```suggestion
- E5) The competitor is permitted to communicate with the WCA Delegate during the attempt. The WCA Delegate may provide information to competitors as long as the information can be found in the WCA Regulations.
```

> - E5) The competitor may communicate with the WCA delegate during the attempt. The WCA delegate may answer questions from competitors as long as the contents are strictly based on the WCA Regulations.

Author: ```suggestion
- E5) The competitor is permitted to communicate with the WCA Delegate during the attempt. The WCA Delegate may answer questions from competitors as long as the contents are strictly based on the WCA Regulations.
```

Author: these are alternate wordings that might not necessarily be the ones that are used

> - E5) The competitor may communicate with the WCA delegate during the attempt. The WCA delegate may answer questions from competitors as long as the contents are strictly based on the WCA Regulations.

Author: ```suggestion
- E5) The competitor is permitted to communicate with the WCA Delegate during the attempt. The WCA Delegate may provide information that can be found in the WCA Regulations to competitors.
```

Author: these are alternate wordings that might not necessarily be the ones that are used

> - E5) The competitor must not communicate with anyone other than the WCA Delegate. This communication should be about the WCA Regulations and the competitor must not receive assistance deriving their solution. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- E5) The competitor must not communicate with anyone other than the WCA Delegate or the judge. This communication should be about the WCA Regulations and the competitor must not receive assistance deriving their solution. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF).
```

Shouldn't we also allow the competitors to communicate with the judge of the attempt? It seems reasonable for i.e. asking about time left.

Author: I think it's pretty reasonable here

    - E3e) Other non-electronic aids that do not give an unfair advantage, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate (see [Regulation 2i1](regulations:regulation:2i1)).
    - E3f) Tools to remove markings (self-supplied), such as correction fluid, correction tape, or erasers.
- E4) The WCA Delegate may choose to publish the solutions (e.g. photo of the score sheets or transcriptions of solutions).

> - E5) The competitor is permitted to communicate with the WCA Delegate during the attempt. The WCA Delegate may provide information to competitors as long as the information can be found in the WCA Regulations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- E5) The competitor must not communicate with anyone other than the WCA Delegate. This communication must be about the WCA Regulations. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF).
```
Another one :p
(see [A5a](https://www.worldcubeassociation.org/regulations/#A5a))
